# chatserver
ChatServer written in C. Copy chatconf to /usr/local/bin and run ```chatconf build && chatconf install```
# Why is it so quiet?
I have lots of work to do in life, and as I am doing more and more work, I cannot continue consistent maintenance of these projects. Therefore, I am picking five projects to continue maintaining, and archiving the rest so that I don't have projects looking back at me that I will not finish or update but exist there and seem unarchived and active. I am warning everyone that sees this and my other projects - THE UPDATES WILL NOT BE CONSISTENT. I go on vacations that may interfere with release cycles. I may not have access to a computer. I may not have internet access. Therefore, when I am not updating my projects and the releases are delayed, I will try to inform you as soon as possible. In the meantime, waiting is your best bet. Don't flood me with issues or messages, but just wait. I will get to the update.
## What about these archived projects? Can we fork them?
Yes, you can fork my archived projects without giving me credit. I wouldn't care at all. There would be no reason for me to care as they're archived for a pretty good reason anyways. Hard fork or soft fork, it doesn't matter - as long as you don't blame me for any existing issues that cause problems on your end. That's not my responsibility. I provide my software "as-is" with no warranty, and no guarantee that it will work on your specific system - I test my projects on Linux only, so if it doesn't build on MacOS or BSD for example, I do not take responsibility.
